[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
The bomber’s the only way
to prove that Brody’s innocent.
What the fuck
are you doing, Carrie?
[ Adal ]
Carrie, turn around now.
This is your last warning.
- [ Gunshot ]
- [ Groans ]
[ Quinn ]
We got a gunshot wound
to the upper-left bicep.
Significant bleeding.
Might have clipped an artery.
Where the fuck is Saul?
[ Saul ]
He’s not what we expected,
but he’s what we’ve got.
[ Man ]
The guy’s a junkie, sir.
I’m offering you the chance
to be a marine again.
No more.
I’m done.
I have a play.
It involves Brody.
You told me
Javadi was the play.
He is.
Brody’s the next phase.
So, what is it?
What’s your big idea?
Danesh Akbari.
Head of Iran’s
Revolutionary Guard.
Right.
Javadi’s boss?
And the single greatest
impediment to peace.
I want him gone.
Brody can get to him.
- Do what Saul’s asking.
- What you’re asking.
- All right, what I’m asking.
- Look at me, Carrie.
You couldn’t send me out
for a pack of cigarettes
right now.
[ Carrie ]
We’ll get you ready.
You just have to be willing.
- The guys get me to the border
where I surrender myself?
- [ Scott ] Correct.
We chose Marivan because
several Al-Qaeda commanders...
also asked
for political asylum there.
What makes you think
I’ll ever get close enough...
to General Akbari
to take him out?
Javadi’s on the ground
to facilitate a meeting
between the two of you.
[ Brody ]
I will come back from Tehran.
[ Carrie ]
I know you will.
[ Brody ]
And not just for her.
[ Carrie ]
Brody.
See you on the other side.
Carrie.
[ Clears Throat ]
We need to talk.
What about?
How’s your shoulder?
Brand-fucking-new.
I wanna clear the air
after that clusterfuck
with Franklin at the motel.
Not interested.
I’m so tired of
all the bullshit...
and people
covering their asses,
I can’t even tell you.
It was a direct order, Carrie.
I didn’t wanna risk letting
someone else take the shot.
While you were in surgery,
I took a look
at your medical records.
You what?
I was worried
about the damage I’d done.
Carrie,
you’re 15 weeks pregnant.
So?
So I think
you should consider...
sitting this part
of the operation out.
And why would I do that?
Because it’s impossible
for you to be objective
under the circumstances.
The circumstances being
I’m carrying Brody’s child?
Yes.
Well, first of all,
it’s not his,
thank you very much.
Second of all, it’s none
of your damn business
or anyone else’s.
So just stay the fuck
out of my way.
[ Scoffs ]
IRAQ
4 miles from
the Iran/Iraq border
Medium rare.
Mmm!
Pretty fuckin’ tasty, huh?
Hmm. Yeah.
The secret...
is to relax the goat
before you cut his throat.
Which is why Modarres
has lockjaw and sore knees.
- [ Men Laughing ]
- [ Man Imitates Goat ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Radio Chatter ]
How are they doing?
Mm.
Good. The move
across Kurdistan
was uneventful.
Now, that’s them right there.
They’re waiting
for nightfall,
at which point they’ll drive
right up to the border, here,
cover him across
to the manned checkpoint on
the Iranian side, right there.
[ Sighs ]
[ Higgins ]
The risk of
an international incident...
is a serious concern
for the president.
We stand a hundred percent
behind what we told him.
The risk of this operation
is worth the reward.
And in the unlikely event
anything goes wrong,
we have it covered.
I’m not even gonna ask
what that means.
All he has to do tonight...
is walk across the border
and ask for asylum.
That’s it.
[ Soldier ]
Is that a marine thing?
Turn the socks inside out,
get the fresh side.
There’s no fresh side.
One side’s sweaty
and the other’s just dirty.
Well, maybe it’s just
all in my head.
Does it work?
Well, look at me.
I’m a new man.
[ Soldier ]
Comms check.
Kilo Alpha, this is Zero.
We have visual.
Send signal strength. Over.
[ Soldier ]
Kilo Alpha. Signal strength 10.
Kilo Bravo, this is Zero. Over.
[ Soldier ]
Bravo. Also strength 10.
Zero, this is Kilo Alpha.
New moon, visibility good.
Another day in paradise.
How’s the passenger doing?
Not bad–
for a fuckin’ jarhead.
That is all. Alpha out.
Bravo out.
What’s he walking into
at the border crossing point?
Hey, Gene, can you bring up
the border photos, please?
Coming up.
Now, as of two hours ago,
one barrack hut for eight men,
commanded by a sergeant.
Roadside guard hut manned
in four-hour shifts...
by two men
with automatic weapons.
Any updates
on the Iranian border-patrol
radio traffic?
Hourly comms checks.
Plus one request
for more ration packs
and two for new radio batteries.
Eight bored and hungry
conscripts...
whose radios we’re dialed into.
No chance of
underestimating them then.
Fair point.
Let’s go over your cover story
one last time.
After the bombing,
Nazir’s network
left a car near Langley...
which I took into the woods
on the Canadian border.
I shaved my head
and I continued on foot.
There I stole a boat
across the Bay of Fundy
to Nova Scotia...
where I met a guy who had ties
with Amer el-Maati...
who put me in
a shipping container
to Colombia.
Then mercenaries working
with Hezbollah...
took me across to Venezuela,
where they finally put me
into a State Oil Company
plane...
to a strip in Iraq
where I was handed over
to an Al-Qaeda cell...
who were tasked
with getting me
across the border to Iran.
Join Al-Qaeda, see the world.
Final checks.
Night vision.
[ Gene ]
Night-vision transmissions
coming online.
Two-eight-zero-decimal.
I’m out of Black Jack.
Any more out there?
Everything okay, sir?
This the last pack?
I got you plenty more.
Don’t worry.
Did you write a letter?
What?
Home.
To say good-bye.
Pretty sure you guys
would know if I did.
Could’ve arranged it
with your C.I.A. friend,
the blonde.
[ Buzzer Sounds ]
[ Lock Clicks ]
How you doing?
Good. You?
Like I’m in Vegas,
betting the mortgage.
Stand by, people.
Showtime.
What’s going on
with Reaper 1?
[ Woman ]
Sensor bandwidth issues.
It happens.
We’re resetting.
All being well,
shouldn’t be more
than a couple of minutes.
All being well?
Are we holding the team back
until the drone’s back online?
That drone’s mainly for us.
They have sat phones
and night vision.
They can move closer
to the border
without it for now.
[ Sighs ]
[ Praying, Faint ]
[ Continues ]
[ Engines Start ]
[ Soldier ]
Shit.
[ Brody ] What?
The road to the border’s
as good as blocked.
A foreign gas truck’s paying off
local officials with free gas.
Cops, military, you name it–
all on the take.
Where’s the border?
Another mile past them
on this same road–
those lights
in the distance.
Zero, Kilo Alpha. Over.
Zero, send. Over.
See what I’m seeing?
Yeah. Wait out.
Guys, get out.
Make it look like car trouble
for anybody passing.
We have a backup plan,
right?
Yeah.
We’re waiting
for Langley to confirm
the alternate route.
I need that drone.
Are we gonna have it or not?
Copy that.
[ Sniffs ]
What’s taking them so long?
They had a technical
with the drone.
So how long we gonna
sit here for?
Shit, man, you are worse
than my kids.
God, those rear echelon
motherfuckers.
Got a problem with the drone?
That’s a good start.
Reaper’s back.
[ Saul ]
Good.
[ Sighs ]
Now let’s get eyes
on that alternate route
into the border.
Repositioning now.
Kilo Alpha, Zero.
Drone is back online.
Scouting your route.
Wait out.
Back to chewing
your lucky gum again?
Yeah. You want a stick?
[ Sighs ]
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
[ Soldier ]
Shit.
Put your head down.
Like you’re sleeping.
Don’t move.
Zero, Kilo Bravo. Stand by.
They have a situation
with the alpha vehicle.
Local cops just rolled up.
[ Speaking Foreign Language ]
"Why are you here?"
"Going to Marivan."
[ Hammer Cocks ]
They’re not buying
the cover story.
[ Man Speaking
Foreign Language ]
Jesus. They wanna look
in the truck.
Say the word, Kilo Alpha.
What word?
"Good night."
They should say good night
before the cops see Brody.
As-salaam alaikum.
[ Both Speaking
Foreign Language ]
Good night.
[ Groans ]
[ Ragged Breathing ]
Hey.
You okay?
Brody, you good?
[ Snaps Fingers ]
Hey.
[ Soldier ]
Aw, fuck.
[ Grunts ]
What the fuck are you doing?
I can’t do it.
Yes, you can, and you will.
I can’t. No, I can’t.
No, I fucking can’t.
I fucking can’t.
I fucking–
A little late in the day
for your vagina to chime in.
Get the fuck off of me.
Are you scared?
Are you fucking scared?
[ Whimpering ]
I’m–
I’m scared. I’m scared.
Good. Me too.
I’ve seen way too many men
killed out here
in this Third World toilet.
I personally
shit myself every time
they send me back here.
And if you don’t
snap out of this right now,
we’re gonna all
fucking die here tonight.
Is that what you want?
No.
Tell me you’re gonna be okay.
Tell me
that this is not the end
of the road for you.
No, no, no.
I need to hear you say it.
We’ll be okay.
I’m okay.
I’ll be okay.
Kilo Alpha, is there a problem?
Passenger got carsick.
He threw up.
Now we’re ready to roll.
Carsick?
It’s a secure sat link.
Can you tell them
to just cut the bullshit?
- Is he gonna be okay?
- Fuckin’-A, he’s gonna be okay.
Here.
Wipe the blood
off your face.
Kilo Alpha, Kilo Bravo, proceed
to alternate crossing point.
Roger. Alpha out.
[ Engine Starts ]
Did we, or did we not
just kill three
Iraqi police officers?
Kurdish. Not to split hairs.
Either way, this isn’t something
the president needs to know.
Oh, I understand,
believe me.
Get me JSOC commander now.
[ Scott ]
This whole area is
pretty much a no-man’s land...
since the Iran-Iraq war.
[ Quinn ]
We got visitors.
Senator, General.
Director.
The White House–
I know.
I was told you were coming.
Let me finish.
The White House sent
General Pfister and me
to advise and observe.
Advise and observe.
The JSOC commander
to advise,
myself,
the president’s nominee–
What did Higgins tell you
about the operation?
That this part was
meant to be quick
and silent and bloodless.
- He told you everything,
didn’t he?
- Yes, he did.
Including?
Sergeant Brody, yes.
Saul, whatever this
turns out to be–
bold stroke of genius
or otherwise–
I’m destined to inherit it.
So now that it’s
actually in motion,
for better or for worse,
I have no choice
but to wish it every success.
Word in private, Senator?
Excuse us, Bill.
Of course.
[ Beeps ]
[ Lock Clicks ]
What about
the breathing room
you agreed to give me?
The deal was that I delay
my confirmation hearing,
which I’ve done.
That obligation
has been fulfilled.
Consider yourself lucky, Saul,
that Higgins called us...
and not the president or
his national security adviser.
Copy that.
Copy.
Miss Mathison.
Senator.
How’s your shoulder?
Doctor told me
you’re very lucky.
I’m fine. Thanks for asking.
All I can say is
you must be one hell
of a salesperson...
to get Brody to do this.
Here at the Agency,
we call that recruiting.
[ Wind Whistling ]
[ Soldier ]
Here, take a look.
Border’s a klick
and a half away, 300 yards
past that building.
All it is is a shallow stream,
12 yards across.
Listen, I’m gonna
drive you right up to it,
and we’re all
gonna be watching you.
You wade across that river
and head up to that tree line
on the other side.
Once you hit it,
follow it north
for three miles...
back to the Iranian checkpoint
where we were originally
gonna drop you.
Hey, where you going?
Piss.
Go with him.
We’ve got potential bogeys.
Two Iraqi army Hummers
three klicks south
of our call sign.
[ Scott ]
Kilo Alpha,
we have two Iraqi Hummers...
three klicks south.
It’s not
a significant threat,
but be aware.
Alpha, roger.
All right,
we got an Iraqi patrol
three klicks south.
It’s not that big a deal,
but it’s difficult terrain
out there,
so we gotta move quick,
quiet and small now,
which means it’s just me
and him from here.
Rest of you guys, stay here.
Cover from this position.
Questions?
Ready?
Yeah.
When you were a little kid,
what’d you wanna be
when you grew up?
I don’t remember.
Bullshit.
Everyone remembers.
You don’t have to
manage me anymore, man.
I know what I’m here to do.
Just making conversation’s all.
[ Loud Clattering ]
What’s that?
Nothin’.
What did you want to be?
I grew up in Texas.
All I wanted to do
was ride bulls.
Yeah? Why didn’t you?
I did. Two years.
But my nuts
couldn’t take the beating.
So now I do this.
Happy fucking–
[ Radio: Static ]
What just happened?
[ Scott ]
Kilo Alpha,
this is Zero. Over.
[ Static Continues ]
Kilo Alpha,
this is Zero. Over.
Kilo Alpha, Zero. Over.
[ Soldier ]
Zero, this is Kilo Bravo.
Alpha hit something–
a mine or an I.E.D.
Any hostiles on your screens?
Stand by. Checking now.
Nothing so far.
Sir, that Iraqi patrol
just turned north
towards the explosion.
Now we have to call
the president.
Wait. Let the dust settle first.
No. Any possibility of
an international incident,
I must call the president.
What you must do
is keep a cool head...
and take great care
not to panic.
Well, we at least have to
call the Iraqis.
And say what?
"Turn your patrol around.
We have a C.I.A. team
we didn’t tell you about
operating in the area"?
That drone is armed, correct?
Zero, Kilo Bravo.
We’re one klick out
from Kilo Alpha.
Roger, Kilo Bravo.
Be advised Iraqi patrol
is closing on your position.
[ Man ]
Sir, White House
is on the line.
Put him on the screen.
Mike.
I may have a solution.
Please.
That drone has four
Hellfire missiles on it.
Are you saying we engage
the Iraqi patrol?
I’m saying we just found
an Al-Qaeda cell...
trying to smuggle America’s
most-wanted terrorist
into Iran,
and we take them out
with that drone.
Jesus.
It’s a smart play
if they’re dead.
- And if they’re not dead?
- He doesn’t care whether
they’re dead or alive.
All he fucking
gives a shit about
is covering his own ass.
- Bite your lip, Carrie.
Bite it hard.
- Fuck.
That Iraqi patrol is,
what, a minute away?
Let me be very clear, Mike.
I will not order a strike
on our own men.
Hang it up.
[ Beeps ]
We’ve got movement
in the Alpha vehicle.
[ Sighs ]
[ Woman ]
Either the vehicle just settled,
or I have a second
heat signature moving.
The second figure is moving.
They’re alive.
They’re both alive.
[ Exhales ]
[ Brody Panting ]
[ Soldier Moans ]
[ Ragged Breathing ]
My leg. My left leg.
Come on.
My– My left frigging leg.
All right, sit up, sit up.
Sit up.
Fold your arms.
Okay, come with me.
[ Groaning ]
[ Muttering ]
[ Panting Continues ]
[ Groaning Continues ]
Phone. Sat phone.
- Kilo Bravo,
this is Alpha. Over.
- [ Soldier ] Bravo, send.
We’re in the building
to the west of the border.
No enemy fire.
Casualty’s still conscious,
but he’s lost a leg
and a lot of blood. Over.
Bravo, roger.
Your location, 60 seconds. Over.
Get a gun team
up on high ground.
I can treat for shock
and stem the blood flow for now.
Take your time to follow
our exact route in. Over.
[ Soldier ]
On it. Out.
[ Sharp Groan ]
Focus on your kids.
I don’t have any kids,
dumb-ass.
I was just making small talk
because you were being
a fucking baby.
[ Chuckles ]
I’m gonna get you out of here.
[ Groans ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Mutters ]
Smoke.
Give me–
Give me some cigarettes.
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
[ Brody Mutters ]
I never thought
I’d be this fucking guy.
No, me neither.
[ Soldier ]
I guess I fucked up, T.
Beer’s on you then.
I gave him
one morphine shot.
He’s got one left.
We gotta haul ass now.
Grab that.
[ Brody ]
Here.
Here. Pull.
Back. Okay.
Ready to do this, boss?
Yeah.
[ Baraz ]
All right, everybody,
back to the truck.
Go!
Let’s go. Quick.
[ Gunshots ]
Oh!
Iraqi patrol
just joined the party.
[ Soldier ]
Zero, Kilo Bravo. Contact.
Automatic fire from the south.
Platoon
or possible company strike.
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Do all you can
not to escalate this.
Suppressive return fire.
Suppressive fire only.
Don’t put them in the ground.
Just turn them around.
Zero, Kilo Bravo.
If we don’t get A.Z. out
in the next few minutes,
he’s dead.
[ Man ] Iraqi call signs
are requesting an artillery
fire mission up the chain.
- How far out
are our helicopters?
- [ Woman ] Eight minutes.
General, advice?
Eight minutes
is time we don’t have.
Either we call the Iraqis–
Also time we don’t have,
and every shade of blowback
we can’t afford.
So it’s a fighting withdrawal
to a secure L.Z.,
back five klicks
in the vehicle
that they have left.
In other words,
we have to abort.
The intelligence operation
is over.
- It’s a military one now.
It’s all yours, General.
- Thank you, sir.
Just get the boys
out of there.
Copy that. Comms.
Kilo Bravo, this is Zero Alpha.
Bravo, send.
- We’re gonna push them back
with Hellfire. Over.
- Roger.
Withdraw with Hellfire
in support,
on your command.
- On my command. Roger. Wait.
- Are they aborting the mission?
[ Lockhart ]
Saul.
You had some bad luck.
I’m sorry.
Hey.
At least we have Javadi.
He’s still in play.
That’s not nothing.
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
Stand by for Hellfire mission.
Over.
You guys ready?
Pull back! Pull back!
I’m not going back.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Yeah, you are.
I’m gonna walk
across that border to Iran–
Listen to me!
I am fucking ordering you
to fucking move out!
Passenger refuses to withdraw
and I’m out of time.
Please advise.
[ Pfister ]
Do not leave anyone behind.
We are under heavy fire.
The casualty’s priority one,
and the passenger’s
not fucking compliant.
Zero, please advise.
- [ Carrie ] Let me talk to him.
- If anyone can talk Brody
down off the ledge, she can.
All right.
[ Pfister ]
All right, put the passenger
on the line.
I say again,
put the passenger on the line.
Take this. Take it.
[ Carrie ]
Brody? Brody?
Brody, can you hear me?
Fuck.
Hey, Brody!
They’re trying to abort
the mission, Carrie!
I know.
Well, tell them
to go fuck themselves.
No. Listen to me.
You can’t do this by yourself.
I’m 300 yards
from the border, Carrie.
I can make it.
You cross into Iran now
and you will be completely
on your own.
To be honest, I don’t see
much of an option here.
The option is
to fall back, regroup...
and we’ll take another shot
at this later.
Come on, Carrie,
you know that’s not
gonna happen.
You don’t know that.
Now stop and think this through.
You have no sanction,
no support on the ground...
and no extraction plan.
You will die over there.
No, you’re wrong, Carrie.
And you wanna know why?
’Cause you’re gonna
get me home.
No, don’t say that.
Do not put that on me.
It’s a fantasy.
You’ll find a way.
I have faith.
That’s all. Out.
No, Brody! Brody–
Fuck.
We are fuckin’
moving out now.
All of us.
Let’s go.
Not me.
[ No Audio ]
[ Panting ]
He’s gone. Fuck him.
Hellfire now. Hellfire now.
[ Pfister ]
Hellfire firing now.
Move. Move now.
[ Soldier ]
Grab him.
[ Grunts ]
Take it.
What are you doing?
Get him to the L.Z.,
then come get me. Go.
Fuck.
[ Panting ]
[ Gunfire ]
Fuckin’ snipers.
Always the stubborn
fucking assholes.
I can buy you 30 seconds
to cross that border
and get to those trees.
Once I start firing,
you start running,
and if you stop,
I’ll fucking shoot you myself.
Any questions?
No.
Oh, good.
Count of three.
One, two, three.
What is that?
[ Woman ]
They’re surrounded.
- Who by?
- Are we picking up
anything on radios?
[ Foreign Language ]
Nicholas Brody.
[ Groaning ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
I am wanted in America...
for the bombing of the CIA...
and I request...
asylum in your country.
[ Coughing ]
And you?
I helped bring him to Iran.
Al-Qaeda?
Yes.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
The Iranians are saying
they have two prisoners.
Are we sure
it’s the Iranians
and not the Iraqis?
[ Scott ]
Hundred percent.
Jesus.
[ Sighs ]
[ Footsteps ]
[ Carrie ]
They got the casualty
out safely.
He’s stable.
On a bird out
to the carrier group now.
There’s something else.
What?
Brody made it across.
How?
He made a last-second
run for it,
headfirst into an
Iranian military unit.
- He’s okay?
- Yes.
[ Exhales ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
He made it.
And you, Saul,
are still in the game.
I’ll be damned.
Right now these guys–
They’re trained to treat anybody
coming over the border
as Israeli agents.
[ Sighs ]
You were tortured.
Just tell me what to expect.
Expect to break.
How long did you hold out?
I don’t know.
I lost track of time
pretty much right away,
but I figure seven days.
Enough time to allow the guys
to change their frequencies
and battle plans.
I just–
I just hope I can
give you seven days
to get the job done in Tehran.
Huh?
Hi.
May I?
Of course.
Fara, you’re one
of the few people
in this building...
who knows that Majid Javadi’s
an Agency asset.
I didn’t breathe
a word to anybody.
I know you didn’t.
That’s not why I’m here.
But you had a crucial role
in recruiting Javadi.
In fact, Saul says without you
it never would’ve come off.
He’s exaggerating,
but thank you.
The thing is,
Javadi’s only half the play.
There’s another phase
of the operation
you weren’t made aware of.
It involves an asset
whose life depends...
on us getting him out of Iran
at the critical moment,
and the fact is,
our extraction plan
just went up in smoke.
I’m sorry.
Fara, you have
an uncle in Tehran–
your father’s brother.
Carrie, no.
Just hear me out.
- No. It’s too dangerous.
- All we’re asking for–
You’re asking me
to put my family
at extreme risk.
You know you are.
You forget I’ve seen firsthand
how fast an operation
can go sideways.
Tell the truth.
You would never ask
your own family
to do this.
I might.
And from what I know
about your uncle,
he’s not one
to cross the street to
stay out of trouble’s way.
He’s a member of
a moderate opposition group,
not a bomb-thrower.
All we need is a place
to meet in the city.
A de facto safe house.
Fara, we have a brother agent
in the field,
soon to be in mortal danger.
Don’t we owe him every chance
to get out alive?
Hey.
[ Men Chattering ]
Someone’s coming.
[ Cell Door Opening ]
[ Shouts In Farsi ]
My name is Nicholas Brody,
and I am formally seeking asylum
in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
I know who you are.
- [ Speaks Farsi ]
- Ayman Jassim.
Are you ready?
Ready for what?
To go with me to Tehran.
What about him?
No! You fuck!
You fucking asshole!
Quiet. Quiet.
What did you do that for?
Control yourself.
Fuck! Fuck.
Calm down.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Inhaling ]
Now,
we go to Tehran.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]